the level of access that fans have to
celebrities has never been greater it
used to be that maybe you had an address
to send a fan letter to and maybe you
would get a generic letter back at a
glossy photo but if you wanted to get
any kind of peek behind the curtain you
had to wait for him to go on The Late
Show to shield their latest project it
was a situation that worked really
nicely for Hollywood types back in the
day but we don't live in that world
anymore today you can instantly irritate
your favorite celebrities at the push of
a button but this is only a relatively
recent development and it didn't come
without some growing pains and perhaps
one of the greatest moments that
evolution was the ill-fated Woody
Harrelson reddit AMA the day that
redditors were given a chance to ask
Woody Harrelson anything and boy did
they ask him anything and boy did he not
answer any of it so for today's episode
of tales from the Internet can we please
keep this about rampart
[Music]
this episode is sponsored by Skillshare
Skillshare is an online learning
community for creators with over 25,000
courses there's all kinds of different
classes on things like business and
design for example I want to learn how
to do amazing special effects like in
the Woody Harrelson movie rampart so I'm
gonna be taking Jordy van der foots
course learn Adobe After Effects CC 2019
for beginners perfect for me because
when it comes to After Effects I'm a
beginner if you get a premium membership
you get unlimited access to as many
courses as you want and you can become a
member of as many communities as you
want where you can join over 7 million
other creators and help each other with
feedback it's staying on track and
Skillshare is a good fit whether you're
learning for career purposes are simply
for your own enjoyment
right now skill share is giving away a
free two month unlimited access trial to
my subscribers who click the link in my
description box and after that it's only
around ten dollars a month so join me on
there today and let's learn some [__]
these days the reddit AMA is a standard
stop on any celebrities promotional tour
it's as commonplace as going on a
late-night TV show or The Morning News
all different kinds of people have done
AMAs of this point actors musicians
scientists even Obama did an AMA but the
thing about AMAs is that they can vary a
lot in quality sometimes you'll have
people who want a more curated
experience so a reddit representative
will just give them what they believe to
be the best questions and they'll answer
them sometimes in a video but really
AMAs are at their best when the person
is really there on reddit answering the
questions in the moment and answering
any questions you and the hard ones and
that kind of AMA is the exact opposite
of the notorious Woody Harrelson AMA it
all starts with the movie called
ramparts rampart was a police drama with
a star-studded cast including people
like Woody Harrelson Ice Cube Steve
Buscemi and more and if you were to go
right now on
and look up rampart you would see that
some of the suggestions include rampart
reddit AMA and rampart Woody Harrelson
hammock but Woody Harrelson didn't
actually have the first AMA about
rampart it was on January 10th of 2012
that Oran move Ehrman the writer and
director of rampart stopped by reddit to
talk about his upcoming movie
hello reddit I am Oran Mormon and I'm in
LA getting ready to release my new film
rampart which opens in theaters on
February 10th Woody Harrelson and many
other faces you'll recognize I've got so
amazing the keyboard throughout the day
we'll be back to answer questions at
12:00 est and then again later in the
afternoon AMA and Oren's AMA went really
well they asked him all kinds of
different questions on a number of
topics questions about his creative
process advice for getting into the
industry what it was like to work with
Woody Harrelson there were very few
questions that were actually about
rampart itself which is fine for an AMA
because the point of an AMA isn't to
really blindly shill something to an
audience it's about actually connecting
with the audience building a
relationship with them it's about
interacting with the audience you know
something that you can do on reddit that
you can't do on TV and it's clear that
Oren understood this but if you scroll
to the top of the thread you'll see
comments indicating that someone else
didn't quite get it
have you considered talking to Woody
about how to do an ima are you aware
that he is totally obsessed with you and
that you are pretty much the only person
he ever talks about as would he lost his
mind
you might want to do some damage control
you seem like a pretty normal
down-to-earth guy but woody or his PR
bimbo really screwed the pooch on this
one might have caused you a lot of money
due to lost fans Woody Harrelson's
legendary reddit AMA would take place a
month after Orange in February a week
before the movie came out hi reddit it's
woody here I'm in New York today doing
interviews for my new film rampart which
opens in theaters on February 10th I'll
be checking in from 3 to 4 est today and
we'll get to as many of your questions
as I can
so start asking now be back soon and an
old fairness to woody the deck was
stacked against
from the start and the reason I say that
is because very quickly this became the
top voted question I swear this is
allegedly a true story I went to a
highest school in LA and you allegedly
crashed our prom afterparty Universal
Hilton you allegedly ended up taking the
virginity of a girl named Roseanne you
allegedly didn't call her afterwards she
allegedly cried a lot do you remember
any of this and confirm or have you
allegedly been so knee deep in Hollywood
putti for so long this qualifies as a
mere blimp and even before woody got a
chance to answer a single question
people kind of had a sense that this
wasn't gonna go so good what he is like
[__] what have I gotten myself into
welcome the reddit buddy he got himself
into Roseanna what the [__] did you
think she and woody [__] Harrelson
we're gonna start dating full credits at
Woody Harrelson though this was the
first and one of the very few questions
that he actually answered first of all
it's not true and second off I don't
want to answer questions about that
let's focus on the film people and a
username Jota quickly instructed woody
on a reddit AMA is supposed to be
you said AMA that means ask me anything
not ask me anything with regards to this
movie on bushing but it's understandable
that woody harrelson would want to shift
the conversation away from uncomfortable
allegations about his personal life and
back on to the movie he came to talk
about but it was that first response
that would plant the seed that would
become fully fertilized by the next
response the reason I love seeing you in
movies that you always seem so natural
well-adjusted an in character a matter
the role what has been your most
difficult role to prepare for and why
this character in rampart was the most
difficult I have a hard time seeing
myself as a cop being slightly
anti-authoritarian so I really had to
immerse myself in that mentality it was
a challenge but it was one I was psyched
to meet especially working with Oren
mover Minh so you were more comfortable
playing a serial killer and natural-born
killers no he just isn't promoting
natural-born killers right now
more questions were asked but with
similar responses out of all the roles
you played which has been the most
rewarding most difficult and most fun
and if you are willing to answer what's
the one role you wish you didn't take
can I say rampart it really took over my
life for a while
I wouldn't say fun is the operative word
well there was a lot of the great thing
about working with Oren is he gives you
an incredible playground and all the
tools great Direction wonderful words to
say and inside of that he says go play
working with Oren he's adaptable if he
finds this as working he commands you
tells you to keep going he's always
pushing the outer limits as for the
other roles well if they don't
specifically come up in conversation I
don't give them much thought another
person asks him about whether or not
acting takes over his life which of
course he managed to circle around back
to his character and rampart I'll tell
you it can really take over your life
for a while as I said with my family
it's a strong bond that helps but I
relate to a character and his love of
his family for example I have three
daughters dave brown has two that pain
he was feeling what things are not going
so well that that I can really sink my
teeth into that sink my emotionality
will [__] ask you about your family
who's Dave Brown what the [__] you
talking about
you need an adult and in a question
about improvisation rampart what was
your most memorable or favorite line
that you improvised during a film shoot
that the director kept in the movie yeah
all of them with films with orange
specifically you don't do any rehearsal
ahead of time you aren't blocked out you
don't do blocking you know we try to
come into the scene prepared and hope
the other actors are prepared and in
this case they always were especially
Bree who initially that part was much
smaller just by virtue of her the power
of her personality and her abilities she
made that part a lot richer at this
point it became crystal clear that Woody
Harrelson had absolutely no intention of
engaging the reddit audience an
authentic conversation but instead
circling every single answer back to the
movie he was from
and read it wasn't [__] advocate this
isn't The Tonight Show I'm not buying
your [__] it was too bad you
couldn't just open up to your fans with
honest answers instead of peddling your
latest movie oh well I'll just assume
some clueless PR person convinced you to
do this assuming this is even you moving
on next time don't have your publicist
sit beside you feeding you crap your
fans would have thoroughly enjoyed an
hour or two out of your day to honestly
answer questions you do realize the
missed opportunity here where the buzz
you generated would have caused people
to go see rampart even if you didn't say
a word about rampart right by the way
I've watched white men can't jump about
a hundred times and I'm jealous that
you've probably seen a rosy Perez's
boobies perhaps realizing what he's
gotten himself into Woody Harrelson
finally started to answer questions
about things besides the movie but he
was only given very brief uncaring
flippant answers and this only further
angered the mob what are you do in your
free time hobbies etc favorite places to
travel and explore in my free time I'm
mainly with my family that's a pretty
strong bond
you are an absolute badass but more
importantly what movie was the most fun
for you to work on are you happy with
the reception Zombieland receive yeah I
wouldn't say fun intense challenge
engaging yeah so you don't actually
enjoy acting it kept on getting worse
but eventually there was a small glimmer
of hope he did manage to give one
genuine thought out answer that had
nothing to do with rampart it was a
question about Woody Harrelson's
veganism because of course no matter how
much they don't want to be there no
matter how much they don't care no
matter how much they want to promote
ramparts if you ask a vegan about vegan
[__] they're gonna tell you about vegan
[__] how long have you been a vegan what
got you into it principles or health
reasons I've read that in kingpin they
made you special veggie burgers to eat
during the diner scene huge fan
initially it was an energetic pursuit
but eventually I did develop a deep
compassion for animals I need a burger
and want to go to sleep I started for
energy and it has served me well uphold
for answering a question not about
and that answer got more than a thousand
up votes maybe woody could salvage this
thing after all
or maybe not any glimmer of hope was
completely demolished by this next
response she changed this ama to a maa
are asked me anything about ramparts we
got a B I consider my time valuable and
it may have very well been that lion
that solidified this as the crappiest
ama in the history of the internet Woody
Harrelson's time is valuable it's with
that line that he shat on his colleagues
other actors musicians Nobel Prize
winners a sitting presidents of the
United States and finally Jedburgh a
reddit administrator asked the question
that was probably on everybody else's
mind did you know about reddit before
today
I know Oren Moomin did an interview here
I did just learn about it so I'm trying
and their response
almost kinda makes you feel bad for
Woody Harrelson like he didn't set out
to be a [__] or anything he's just
being a boomer who doesn't understand
the Internet he was trying to apply a
90s mentality to a 2012 world where even
then reddit Emmys weren't as polished as
they would eventually become but
regardless of Woody Harrelson's innocent
boom Ernest the legend of this thread
would live forever
his AMA was such an abject failure that
it would go on to increase the status of
reddit Emmys as a whole being covered in
several mainstream publications and
probably serving as a cautionary tale
where publicists would tell their
clients don't do it Woody Harrelson did
can we stick to talking about rampart
was a line that was repeated and
basically every AMA for several months
and the beautifully 2012 an ironic top
text bottom text scumbag Woody Harrelson
meme format made the rounds and if you
go on urban dictionary you'll see
rampart defined as to have sex and never
call that person again especially if
she's a high school girl woody rampart
in Roseanne after our prom party
how did the movie actually do I mean the
trailer was bombarded with dislikes
after it was released and people I
rented were calling for a boycott which
honestly is a bit much just for an
interview gone bad but did it have an
impact in terms of the critical
reception we can see that on Rotten
Tomatoes there's a 74% critics core
versus a 35% audience score if I had to
guess I would assume that the very low
audience score had at least a little bit
to do with backlash from the AMA so we
can probably assume that it was a
decent-enough movie commercially though
the movie was an absolute flop it
grossed about 1.5 million dollars with a
budget of about 12 million and while
some might say that maybe the reddit AMA
has to do with the poor performance I
think it's actually the opposite if
anything I'm sure there's some people
who check that movie out just out of
morbid curiosity they went to the
theater for the meme of it regardless of
whether or not rampart was a good movie
though I think it's safe to say that the
reddit AMA had a much bigger longer
lasting cultural footprint serving as a
lesson taught to the dinosaurs of the
old media but anyway that's the end of
Woody Harrelson's disastrous reddit
story if you like this video you'll
probably also like my video about the
internal drama of our slashed cursed
images I'm out of here
[Music]